Update install-gcp.md (#681)
astronomer/docs: astro/install-gcp.md

To activate the Data Plane on your GCP project:

> 1. Run the following commands in your Google Cloud Shell (if you aren't using the Google Cloud Shell, you will need to set $GOOGLE_CLOUD_PROJECT to your Project ID):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the following commands in your Google Cloud Shell. If you aren't using Google Cloud Shell, replace `$GOOGLE_CLOUD_PROJECT` with your project ID.
```
We say that users need Shell in the prerequisites, then explicitly tell them to use shell here. Is there any reason someone wouldn't use Shell besides preference? If this is the method we recommend, then I don't see a problem with documenting just the Shell setup.
